---
    type: contract
    contracts:
    - 2011–2012 JPMorgan, System Integration and Test Engineer — Futures and Options
    - 2010–2011 JPMorgan, System Integration and Test Engineer — Futures and Options
    - 2006–2009 JPMorgan, System Integration and Test Engineer — Futures and Options
    - 2000–2003 JPMorgan, System Integration and Test Engineer — Futures and Options
    skills:
    - Perl, Ksh, Bash.
    - Sungard Valdi Trader suite, GLWin, GLAPI.
    - Solaris 6, 8 & 10, Red Hat EL4, EL5 & EL6.
    - J2SE, Spring, Maven.
    - Sybase ASE 11.
    - Subversion.
--- 
Lead integrator and technical regression tester for South Africa Futures Exchange protocol upgrade, providing improved availability and functionality.

Lead integrator and tester for new London Metals Futures Exchange connection, providing a web-based trading platform to remove the need for a third-party broker.

Tested trading software for direct market execution on London and European futures exchanges.

In-flight stress tested European Futures Exchange and Intercontinental Exchange software using in-house automated FIX order software.

Load tested, using Allied Testing’s BEST, of ‘Big Four’ derivatives market trading servers to identify potential bottlenecks prior to onboarding a large automated trading client.

Subject-matter specialist for UAT testing and problem resolution of user administration tools to ensure regulatory compliance and improve reliability and clarity for reporting.

Provided second level support to Service Operation for global futures and options trading.

Trained off-shore, first-level team to provide more available support of the EMEA test environment during ASPAC working hours.

Evaluated proof-of-concept for new algorithmic trading systems.

Analysed and reported capacity for integration of other departments to reduce costs and improve resilience.

Redesigned European Futures Exchange report distribution to use secured channels and remove single points of failure. Required coordination between Information Risk team, JPM networks and Exchange networks teams.

Introduced source control management into internal tools development to improve stability of releases.

Optimised T-SQL queries used to provide trading BI dashboards.

Migrated all Eurex trading to Solaris for the decommissioning of VMS servers.
